[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Here we are
with Barbara Lamb.
And we're in your lovely home.
Thank you for inviting us in.
>> Thank you.
>> And I'd love to just kind of
get to know you and get to know
your work.
You've been in this--
in the extraterrestrial
field, crop circle field,
hypnotherapist regression
field for quite a while.
And I'd like to get--
>> Many years.
>> Yeah.
I'd like to get into some of
those experiences if we could.
>> Mm-hm.
>> And first, could you just
tell us what your background
is?
I know you've probably said
this a million times, but--
>> That's OK.
>> --just for the new audience.
>> Sure.
>> And just explain, you
know, your work and your body
of work.
>> Well, basically, I'm a
licensed psychotherapist,
licensed in the state
of California in 1976.
So that's many years ago.
And I began to notice
that part of my work
just seemed to evolve
into, with some people,
anyway, doing what I was
calling deep relaxation work
or altered states of
consciousness work.
It just sort of evolved.
And I didn't realize, in
some of those early years,
in the 1970s and early
'80s, that I was actually
doing hypnosis with
some people, just
with some clients in
my therapy practice,
where it seemed like
it would be useful.
And then people began to
bring it to my awareness
that I was doing hypnosis.
So I thought, well,
I really ought
to get officially trained
in that if I'm doing it.
>> Right.
>> And I had a couple of
training courses and felt very,
very comfortable with that.
And in 1984, I became
aware of the Association
for Past Life Research
and Therapies,
because I'd been having some
spontaneous experiences of what
certainly seemed
to be like memories
or sort of bleed-throughs
from previous lifetimes.
And particularly,
that was happening
when I went to Peru and
Egypt in the early 1980s,
and some other countries too.
And in certain locations,
these really detailed memories
would come up.
And I'd give myself
over to them to see
how much I could remember.
Now, I know that
it wasn't fantasy.
It wasn't daydream.
And I was awake in these places.
So I figured, well, hm.
I wonder if they could really be
coming from previous lifetimes.
Up to that point of
view, up to that time,
I just had not thought
about past lives.
I just wasn't in my reference.
But I began to
think, well, maybe
we really do have
lots of lifetimes,
and maybe that remembering what
happened in certain lifetimes
could be useful
therapeutically, so
that when I met the
past life therapy
professional organization,
I was really quite thrilled.
And I went for five
years of training
with them to be a past
life regression therapist.
And at the very last
module of training,
which was 1988 or possibly 1999,
the trainer, whom I respected
very much as a therapist,
she said, those of you
who are doing this
regression therapy
work need to know that it could
happen that sometimes, somebody
will come to you who's had very
unusual experiences with beings
from somewhere else,
who are not human,
coming into their environment
and sometimes taking them away
for an hour or two.
>> Wow.
So they mentioned this in
the course you were taking.
>> They mentioned
it in the course.
>> Wow.
>> They didn't really call them
extraterrestrials or aliens.
>> OK.
What year was this?
>> 1988 or '89.
>> OK.
So they were
already tapping in--
>> Yes, some of those
therapists already were.
>> OK.
>> I hadn't known
that till that moment.
But the most
striking thing to me
was, not only did this trainer
say that, which was news to me.
I had just never
thought in those terms.
But even more striking
was a big voice in my head
almost yelling to me
in a demanding way.
Nobody else around heard it.
But I heard it in
my head, seeming
to come from somewhere else.
And that voice said, pay
attention to this, Barbara.
You will be doing this.
So wow.
There are other beings that come
and take people away sometimes?
And I'll be working with that?
Well, that was a shock.
And I felt from
that point on that
I needed to sort
of pay attention
to the UFO
extraterrestrial phenomenon
to see if I thought
it was really true.
>> Yeah.
And this was before John
Mack's work came out, right?
>> Yes.
I had never heard of John Mack.
I don't think he was
doing that work yet.
So I found out then,
in the late 1980s,
that Budd Hopkins was doing
work, and David Jacobs,
I think, at that time, or at
least a couple years later.
And then I was at
different lecture venues.
I was seeing lots of videotapes
of UFOs and photos of UFOs.
And I began to think, you
know, I think this really
must be really happening,
even though I had not
thought about it before.
And so by 1991, I felt
at a certain point
that if anybody
would ever happen--
what are the chances of that?
But if ever somebody would
come to me with complaints
of that sort, that they
had had experiences
with these other beings, that I
would be ready to handle that.
And I was very experienced
in regression therapy.
And I figured that,
you know, we'd just
use the same techniques and help
somebody regress to an event
that they had wondered about.
So the very day that
I decided on my own
that I could handle
that if it would ever
come to me, a couple
of hours later,
I met a woman in a bookstore.
And she said that she knew that
I did this regression therapy
work.
And would I please work with
her 21-year-old daughter,
who was having these
visitations, mostly at night?
And she was hugely traumatized--
devastatingly.
She didn't even want to
sleep in her room alone,
because that's where these
visitors would usually
find her.
And she was insisting on
sleeping between her mother
and father every night
in their bedroom.
And they were
getting kind of tired
of their 21-year-old daughter
insisting on doing that.
>> Yeah, 21's--
>> It's bad enough
when it's a baby,
but a 21-year-old daughter.
So the mother and father were
caring and understanding,
but kind of fed up with this,
and really wanted help for her.
So she came for six sessions.
And we did six regressions.
And yes, indeed,
the details showed
that there was a
variety of what we now
think of as
extraterrestrial beings who
came to her on various occasions
and did all kinds of things--
sometimes took her away,
sometimes did some procedures
on her right there--
>> In the room?
>> --when she was
sleeping in the bedroom.
>> Wow.
>> Or they would take her from
between her mother and father
in their bed, and sometimes
take her onto a spacecraft,
or sometimes just take
her into her own room,
where they would be alone with
her and be able to do certain
procedures.
And amongst those,
one of the procedures
was that they healed a bad
ear infection that she had,
right there in her room.
And she was lying on one side.
And they were working
on the infected ear.
And she could look around
a little bit and see them.
They were very tall, white, thin
beings, definitely not human.
And she was so improved
from that ear problem, even
the next morning,
that she began to feel
more kindly about these beings.
>> Right, right.
>> So after the sixth
session she had with me,
she came in one day.
And she was smiling and happy
and looked very relaxed.
And she said right away,
you know, I am privileged.
I feel honored that I'm part
of whatever this is, you
could call it, that's going on.
And I think it's great
that for whatever reason,
I've been chosen for this,
because these beings are really
helpful.
They certainly are different
looking and peculiar.
They're not like us.
They're not human.
But they really are wonderful.
And they had healed her--
not only the ear infection,
but of lower back pain
that she'd had for a
considerable period of time.
>> Wow.
Can I get an alien visitation?
>> Yeah.
Lots of people--
>> I got some low back
pain I got to get--
>> --would like to
have that happen.
>> Yeah.
All those stunts, you know?
>> Sometimes I--
>> After a while.
>> --jokingly say to a friend
or somebody I know who's having
some pain or something, well,
just ask the extraterrestrials.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> No.
I don't frankly think
that the extraterrestrials
come to just anybody.
But they come to the
people they're working
with over a period of time.
Anyway, that was
my first client.
>> Wow.
Did they say--
>> And I thought, wow, I
can really work with this.
And it can turn out well--
>> Right, right.
In a positive--
>> --you know, even
though beginning in a very
traumatizing way.
So a few months later,
after visiting crop circles
in England, another client came.
And she worked with
me for 11 or 12 years.
We must have done at
least 60 regressions
to her extraterrestrial
encounters.
And her son was very involved
with extraterrestrial visits
and very positive about them.
And she had an
extraterrestrial mentor
who was really wonderful
to be with when
she was on the spacecraft.
And he also channeled.
She realized after a
few sessions with me
that she was channeling
very interesting information
from that
extraterrestrial being.
So he was not only
a mentor, a teacher,
a guide to her on that
craft when she was taken.
But he also, when she was home
or particularly in my office,
he would channel
through and give
lots of interesting perspective
from his planet, which
was the binary star system
which we call Antares.
>> Antares, interesting.
>> And so that was
really wonderful to get
an off-planet--
>> Perspective.
>> --you know, other take
on Earth, and human life,
and on their life,
and everything.
So--
>> Was she having
negative experiences?
Or I should say,
was she traumatized
when she went to see you?
Or was it-- and then it
developed into just figuring it
out?
Or like the first girl?
>> She had been.
Before she came to me, she
was very baffled and confused
and couldn't quite pin
down what was going on.
But she had, all
of her life, been
visited by three
little white beings who
were about three feet tall.
And she called them my
three little white guys.
And she and her sister,
who shared the bedroom
all through their
childhood years,
the sister would wake up
and witness, time after time
after time, for years, these
three little white beings
coming.
And that--
>> Did they talk about it?
Did her sister tell her?
>> They talked about it.
And they liked it.
>> Oh, OK.
>> And what would happen is that
the little beings would appear
first as little
sparkles of light,
just kind of circling around
the room, and forming spirals,
and then eventually landing
on the floor and morphing
into these three little white
extraterrestrial beings.
So as they would be
flying around the room,
and circling, and spiraling,
almost like doing somersaults
in the air, very
pretty patterns,
they thought of those
little sparkles as fairies.
And they would tell
their mother, oh, you
should come in some night
and see the fairies.
They're so pretty.
They're wonderful.
They're lighted.
They're lovely in the dark room.
And the mother would say things
like, well, that's very nice,
dears.
But fairies are
just for children.
So if I came into the room,
they probably wouldn't show up.
>> Right.
Well, she's probably right.
>> The mother had no
clue, I think, about--
>> But she's probably right.
They might not have shown up.
>> They might not if they
were extraterrestrials, too.
So she was always taken
for her experiences
by these three
little white beings.
And they were like
the little gray beings
except that they had round eyes,
not the big black oval eyes,
but the round eyes.
And they had some
whites in their eyes.
So their eyes moved.
And they had expressions.
And both of these girls
really liked them.
They even had love for them.
However, sometimes she would be
taken by them, whom she liked,
to physical examinations
and on board the craft,
the spacecraft, and
different procedures that she
didn't necessarily like.
But other times, along
with the physical things
that were happening, she often
was taken into another room
after a physical checkup.
I think she became to look at it
as, oh, they're really checking
a lot of my body systems.
They want me to be all right.
And if there's anything
going wrong physically,
they would fix it.
They would heal it.
Took some regressions to realize
that that's what was going on.
But she'd also be
taken into another room
on each one of those occasions,
and either seeming to be
in a place of learning--
she called it the library, even
though there weren't any books.
But it obviously was
a place of learning.
And she would sit
at a console sort
of arrangement with a
barrel-shaped chair,
and then her feet in
almost like foot plates.
And that was
connected to a screen
that she said is a combination
between a television
screen and a computer
screen, although she
didn't know about computers
when she was a child
and started having
those experiences.
And there was always this
very tall, white, thin
being who became her mentor.
>> Her mentor.
>> I mean, she didn't realize
in childhood that he would
continue through her adult
life to be her special teacher
and mentor.
And he turned out
to be the being who
did years and years of
channeling through her,
too, when she was here on Earth.
So that was always
a very interesting,
positive experience.
And--
>> Did she publish these
channels, or did she--
>> No, she didn't publish them.
I told her that maybe
someday, I would
like to collaborate with her,
because they're very, very
interesting from an
extraterrestrial point of view.
And she said,
well, I don't know.
I'll have to think about it.
Maybe someday.
And of course, I've
been extremely busy
since I last saw her, which
was probably about 2001.
>> Oh, OK.
>> So I haven't gotten
back with her about that.
But I still think that would
be a good project to do.
So anyway, after she
came, more people just--
I didn't advertise it.
They just somehow found me.
I think there's some guidance
in this sort of thing.
And I began also to be invited
to speak at different groups
and conferences.
Again, I never sought this.
And then I would mention
the regression work
I was doing with people who had
extraterrestrial encounters.
And very often, there'd be
somebody, maybe two or three,
even, from any given audience
who'd come up to me afterwards
and say, well, I
would really like
to work with you,
because I've been
having these peculiar
things happen too.
So it just grew.
And here we are now, 24
years later, at this point.
And there have been at least
1,300 separate individuals
whom I've done regressions
with to their extraterrestrial
encounters.
And some of those people have
been able to do lots of them,
because they live within an
hour or so of where I'm located.
And so some have done
20 regressions, some 30,
or 40, or 50.
So that's a lot of
material, probably
about 2,500 regressions.
I've kind of lost
track, but I estimate--
>> Wow, so 1,300 individuals,
and then another--
counting all the sessions
that they've done, could--
well over 2,000, you're
saying, regressions.
>> Right.
So it's been important.
And I have found that these--
>> And that's just
related to the ET subject?
>> Just the ET, yeah.
I've done many--
probably a few thousand
past life regressions too.
And I always come back to
being a regular therapist.
So I also work with many,
many people who have nothing
to do with these
subjects or don't ever
wonder about past lives.
So that's a very
nice balance for me.
>> Like people who
want to quit smoking,
or relationship problems, or--
>> Oh yeah, quit smoking.
They have marriage problems,
or children problems,
or they're depressed,
or they're anxious.
I work with a lot of
anxiety-prone people.
>> Or stuff that when
they were a child--
childhood stuff that--
>> Yes, very often.
I have to bring the
childhood that they've
had into it, because it
does have its effect.
So anyway, it's
very interesting.
And I must say, favorite part
of this wonderful work I'm
privileged to do is working
with the people who've
had the extraterrestrial
encounters.
Now, in many cases,
those encounters
they've had are with
really special beings.
They're, I would say, highly
developed, highly spiritual
beings.
Many of them seem to come from
other dimensions of reality,
definitely different
frequencies.
Some of them are glowing beings.
Some of them look like
a person, sort of,
with a glow around the edge,
like we have the auras.
But theirs really shows.
And sometimes it might
be a body in the middle
of maybe a big oval or a
general shape like that
which is totally glow.
It's glowing light.
And then, when you look in
toward the middle of all
that glowing shape,
there seems to be
more of a dense sort of center.
And it is a being.
And then you can begin to see as
you look further that, oh yeah,
there are eyes and
maybe a tiny suggestion
of little holes for nostrils,
maybe a suggestion of a mouth.
But the eyes are the part
that usually stand out.
So those beings come
to people and take them
to a whole variety of really
inspiring experiences,
very highly spiritual
experiences.
So many people are learning
in this whole big group
that we would call
extraterrestrial, because they
don't seem to be from here.
There's a huge variety
of these beings
that have come through the
regressions that I've done.
>> Well, you mentioned-- it
was not Andromeda, or the--
>> Antares.
Can you name some of the other
beings that maybe have come
through, or people
who've had experiences,
are they able to describe which
part of the galaxy or where--
>> Most of the beings who appear
in the regressions that I do
don't give that information.
They don't give
themselves a name,
or they don't say the
name of their planet.
Or they'll say, if the person
asks them, where are you from?
What planet do you live on?
They'll say something
like, well, we don't
have a name for our planet.
We don't have names
for each other.
We don't have
names for anything,
because we're
completely telepathic.
We don't need to name each
other, or name our place,
or name anything.
We all are in tune,
and we all understand.
That's one thing
that many beings
have said in these regressions.
And some of the
beings have said,
when the person asks,
have said, well, we
have a name for our planet.
But it wouldn't mean
anything to you.
You've never heard this name.
You don't have it
on your star maps.
And maybe they'll mention
it, or maybe they won't.
And the same with giving
a name to themselves.
However, there are some
exceptions to that.
And some of the beings have
told some of my clients
that they are
Arcturians, for instance.
They're from Arcturus.
Or others will say they're
Sirians from Sirius.
Or they'll say they
are Pleiadians from one
of the Pleiadian planets.
So occasionally, they do,
and Andromedans as well.
But usually, there just
isn't a name given.
And most often in all these
regressions, I must say,
the person is fascinated
seeing the beings
and realizing what
they're doing.
But they don't even think
to ask who they are.
It just doesn't
come up for them,
or where they're
from, nor does it
occur, apparently, to the
beings to give that information.
But one of the very interesting
things about these regressions
is that when a
person has been taken
and is on what we assume
or think is a spacecraft,
certain procedures
might be going on.
And the person
obviously is wondering
why they're doing this
particular thing, especially
a physical examination
kind of thing.
And so I will typically say,
in the regression, I'll say,
would you like to
know why they're doing
this particular procedure?
And the person will usually
say, yes, I would like to know.
So then I say, well, you can ask
them and tell them you really
would like to know or
that you have a right
to know what's happening to you.
And you can do it out loud
with your words to them.
The beings are
right around them.
Or you can just do it with your
thought, whichever you want.
And some people actually
say it out loud.
Some do it in their thought.
And almost every time one
of my clients has asked,
they do get an answer.
Now they get it in their mind.
The beings are communicating
telepathically to them.
So they hear inside their minds.
They hear the answer.
They don't tend to hear a voice.
But the answer comes in English.
Or for people who are
German, for instance,
they would hear it in German.
It seems to be that
these beings can do that.
We don't know exactly how.
But they do some
pretty amazing things.
And the answers so far
have always made sense.
They're very quick answers.
They're very simple.
They're very brief,
maybe just a few words.
But they really make
sense, connected
with what seems to be
happening to the person bodily.
And that's true in
terms of teaching.
You see, a lot of people who
are taken on these experiences,
they are ushered into
various rooms, each room
for a certain purpose.
One might be for a
physical checkup.
One might even be for the
beings healing a person who
has a condition to be healed.
And that person may
not have even thought
about extraterrestrials
healing them.
They haven't even
asked for help.
But they, these beings, know.
They know a lot
about our bodies,
probably more than most humans,
even medically trained people,
do.
And they know how to heal.
And they have very
good ways of healing.
Quite a number of
my clients have
been healed of something quite
serious, or painful, or both.
And sometimes it
seems to be done
by laying the hands
of these beings
over the body of the
afflicted person,
and that they can
feel warmth, or they
can feel energy coming to
that area that needs healing.
Once in a while, it
seems to be hands
on healing by one
of the beings who
has typically much
longer, thinner fingers,
and maybe not as many
fingers as we have,
depending on the beings.
But the healing still comes
from those hands right
into the body.
Sometimes, also, the healing
seems to happen by an area,
almost like a beam of light, a
broad area of light coming down
to the person who's lying
on a medical type of table.
And they just simply just
relax and soak it in.
And the healing happens.
Or sometimes, a
couple of people have
described that it seems almost
like a machine-like wand that
has been starting at the feet
and rolling up the prone body
and over the top of the head.
And as it's rolling up,
it is emitting some kind
of frequency, often
light as well,
which is healing whatever
that condition is.
And sometimes the healing
seems to be happening by what
appear to be laser lights.
There've been some really
spectacular healings
that have happened.
>> And the descriptions--
I can imagine that's--
you know, what people
are describing--
do you see an overlap
with the descriptions?
I guess two-part questions--
one is, can you describe some
of the reasons that the--
you said they get telepathically
these messages in their head,
that they get the reason why
they're going through this.
And then maybe, have
you've seen overlaps
with different people describing
the same types of technology,
the same types of reasons?
>> Well, each person whom I've
regressed who's been healed has
a different kind of
condition to be healed.
In one case, it might be a liver
problem, or a spleen problem,
or a kidney problem.
Others, it might be a serious
injury in the back or a knee
that is continuing over time
to have repeated problems,
or a problem with
the foot, or could
be a more temporary thing like
a strep throat, or a bad cold,
or something like that.
>> Or like ear
infection, you said.
>> Ear infection, yeah.
So I mean, just a lot
of variety has come up,
and a lot of variety of
these healing techniques.
But I would say that
the placing of the hands
is very typical of the being
with what feels like heat
and energy coming out--
>> Almost like a--
>> --into the body.
>> We have, in China--
I don't if you've seen the
qigong masters, who actually
apply their hands and their--
there's this one video
online where there's a tumor.
Someone's lying down, and they
have a ultrasound of the tumor.
And these qigong masters
are doing the qi.
And they're literally
disintegrating
this tumor in real time--
>> Yes.
>> --I would think.
So it sounds like
maybe there's some kind
of qigong magic going on there.
>> Yes, whether we would
call it that or not.
I've been to China to some
of the traditional Chinese
medicine hospitals and clinics.
And I've seen the qigong
masters do amazing things.
And then we would--
those of us who
were on this trip
would get to experience
standing at one
end of the room with a qigong
master at the other end,
and with our backs to
him, sending this energy.
And we would feel it maybe
20 feet away in our body.
It's amazing.
And we saw a qigong master doing
some remarkable healing things
that we would never
even think of.
So yes, I think that--
>> Maybe that--
>> --they do a lot of
that energy healing.
The most remarkable case--
well, there are two
of them, actually--
involving healing-- one
is a woman who in the 19--
young woman who, in
the 1970s, was suddenly
missing from her job
for three whole days.
And they didn't
know where she was.
They kept calling
on the telephone.
She kept not answering, because
she wasn't really there.
She had been taken.
We found out in the
regression that she
had been taken early
in that process
by extraterrestrial beings,
had been taken onto a craft.
And the first major
thing they did
was put her into a
sliding prone position
and sort of slid
her into a machine
that she later
recognized would be very
much like our MRI machines.
>> MRI, yeah.
CAT scan, yeah.
>> And they were
scanning her body.
And at the time when
this was happening--
and she didn't remember
until years later,
when she did that
regression with me.
But at that time, she did
not know about MRI machines.
But now, she realizes, oh,
it was very akin to that.
And then, after they had
scanned her to determine
what was the problem--
by the way, she didn't even
know she had a problem.
But she did have one.
>> OK.
>> Then they took her into
another room and suspended her
in a lying-down position, up
in the air a number of feet,
maybe about six
feet off the floor.
She wasn't suspended
on anything.
She was just
suspended in the air.
And for most of that
three-day period,
where she was gone from
her home and her work,
she received thin laser beams
coming from all directions,
including from underneath.
That's why she was suspended.
And there were always some of
these extraterrestrial beings
watching her, making sure
everything was all right.
And these beams were
doing a tremendous amount
of healing work.
They were different
colors, each one.
>> Each being, or like lasers?
>> These lasers.
>> Oh, OK.
>> The laser beams
were different colors.
The beings were not
of different colors.
>> Yeah, OK.
>> And she realized in the
regression that one particular
being who was standing near
her head and talking to her--
she was slightly higher up
in this suspended position.
But she recognized
in the regression
that, oh, he was one that she'd
been with many, many times.
And he was always very
kindly and very helpful.
And he didn't look
like a person.
But she liked him.
And he affirmed, yes, indeed, we
have been together many times.
And it is time for
us to really give you
some very important help.
He told her right then and
there, while this was going on,
that she had a very
rare blood disorder
and that she didn't know it.
And nobody knew that about her.
But they knew it.
And they were sorry that
they couldn't clear up
the damage that had
already happened.
But what they were doing
with the laser beams
was arresting it so it would
not continue to develop,
because if it would
continue to develop,
she would develop
leukemia for sure.
So they were arresting it
at the stage of development
that it already had been
so that it would never
progress further.
And she would never
have to get leukemia.
>> Hm.
>> So that was a wonderful
service that they did.
>> Yeah.
>> So she was returned to her
wooden floor after three days.
And when she came to with
another one of these telephone
calls from work, she thought,
well, that's strange.
If I've been here for
three days, on the floor,
I should be sore.
I should be really
uncomfortable.
And I'm not.
She'd gone to sleep on the
sofa three days earlier.
But when she was
returned, she was
returned to the floor
right in front of the sofa.
And then several years later,
she went to an Earth doctor,
here on Earth.
And he determined-- for
the first time in her life,
he had determined that
yes, indeed, she had
a very unusual blood disorder.
But as he followed her through
the years leading up to now,
he said, the most
remarkable thing
is that this blood disorder has
not developed into leukemia.
We can't imagine why not,
because everyone else
with this rare blood disorder
has always ultimately developed
leukemia.
And they've died.
>> Interesting.
Wow.
>> So it's one of those
medical mysteries.
But we know why that was
that it didn't develop.
>> Well, I guess the
bigger question is,
why would they choose her?
And why did they let other
people with this blood disorder
develop the leukemia?
And all of the people who
have had these healing things
happen to them.
Why are they chosen
and not the others?
>> Why her?
>> And why her?
Yeah.
>> Well, I think it has a lot
to do with the fact that she had
already been having experiences
with them in childhood right
on up.
And not only that,
but her mother
had been having
extraterrestrial encounters,
although she would--
and she talked about the
beings a lot, the mother did.
But she would never
agree to having
a regression, even though her
daughter kept saying, come on,
Mom.
Do it.
But she obviously was having
encounters with these beings.
And people who are
involved in this, usually,
as far as I know,
have families that
also have some members
who are involved
in this sort of encounter--
generations.
So this woman's mother
had been involved,
although she never quite
faced the whole reality of it.
But she remembers seeing
extraterrestrial beings
in her room.
And she was seeing
shadow people frequently.
And she had some odd
missing time experiences,
which we could put together
with at least probable
extraterrestrial encounters.
And she thought that
maybe her mother--
that would be my
client's grandmother--
had had experiences.
And then my client had two sons.
They're both grown up now.
And one of those
sons, very apparently,
has had lots of
extraterrestrial encounters.
The other one probably hasn't.
So it does seem to run in a
genetic line very frequently.
So the people who get
healed, I think, so far--
this can change
with learning more--
but they seem to be
people who already
have been having a series of
encounters with those beings.
>> I see.
>> And at a certain point, they
do get healed by the beings.
If something
develops that is not
the way it should
be for that person,
the beings will heal it.
>> There's really no way to
tell how far back these--
in the bloodlines--
>> No, unfortunately.
If we could somehow interview
the great-great parents,
and the great great great
great great great grandparents,
and so forth, it
would be wonderful,
if we-- or if there were
some other way to check.
>> Well, maybe this is a
question for my next ET
interview that I--
when I go talk to them directly.
>> Yes.
>> I can say, hey, guys.
What's up with this?
>> And has anybody
else in your family?
>> Yeah.
>> Very often, when I ask that
question of anybody who seems
to be having encounters,
they'll say, yeah,
one of my sisters is having
these experiences, or, well,
my mother won't quite
admit it exactly.
But I remember her
saying some things
about unusual beings coming
into the room at night,
or giving strong clues that
she too has had experiences.
Now, one of the really
exciting things to me
is when there is an
encounter that happens,
and it is witnessed.
Sometimes that happens.
I think it's quite rare,
because these beings typically
will, what we call, switch
off anybody accompanying
the person.
>> Right.
Like the men in black.
>> And that could be a whole
group of people that are all
sort of stopped in mid-sentence
or mid-action and just out
of consciousness.
They're not harmed.
They're just made unaware.
Or it could, and very
typically, be the person
sleeping in the room
or sleeping in the bed
with the person who
has this encounter.
And that other one is,
phew, switched off,
just out of total awareness.
Or it might be a
car full of people
that is stopped when
driving along, even
in a populated area, or a rural
area would be very common too.
And then the car
motor comes to a stop.
Hopefully, the driver
pulls off the road,
or at least well
over to the side.
And everyone else in
the car is switched off.
And this one particular person
is taken for the encounter.
And that seems to
happen all the time.
>> So does time itself stop?
Or do just people black out?
Or how is it described?
Because it sounds
like, in some cases,
they could actually
manipulate time itself.
>> They can manipulate time.
I have no clue about
how they do it.
But I think it's evident
that they do do that.
But many, many cases,
the person will
be missing a period of time
and realize after an encounter
that, oh, an hour and
a half has gone by.
Where did that go?
Or two hours, typically,
sometimes more.
And then the encounter has
happened in the meantime.
But there are
situations, including
one that I had myself,
where the beings already
planned to manipulate
time to the extent
that I would be placed
back down on the freeway.
I had been driving on.
My car and I were taken.
And I would be placed
back only about one minute
after I had looked at the
clock to see what time it was.
And then this event happened.
>> Can you describe the event?
>> And so I didn't
miss two hours.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
>> So but it felt-- it was two
hours, about, that was gone,
or it felt like?
>> Yeah.
It was at least an hour and a
half, probably more like two.
Yeah.
>> Well, can you
give us more details?
What happened?
>> Yes.
Well, it really was a very
fascinating experience.
And my car and I were
driving around midnight,
back from Goleta,
north of Santa Barbara,
California, coming down the
101 freeway right by the ocean.
And I had noticed that,
well, this is strange.
I don't see any
headlights coming,
or tail lights ahead of me,
or headlights in back of me.
And that went on for
a number of miles.
And I thought, well, that means
that I'm the only car driving
on this part of the freeway.
And it's Friday night.
People often come up north
or go south for the weekend.
And it's only around midnight.
I mean, that's really peculiar.
Well, OK.
I'm all right.
And then I saw a round flash
of light, perfectly circular,
off the coast, over the ocean.
It was a very overcast night.
So I couldn't see ocean.
But I knew it was there.
I had done that trip many times.
And so this round--
big, round flash of light,
pew, just that long,
just lasting one
second, and then gone.
And I thought, well,
that's really peculiar.
What was that, you know?
>> Yeah.
>> And then I notice a few miles
later that there seemed to be
a big arc of light over
the hills to my left.
That's to the east.
And I knew that territory.
I had had many trips
up there previously.
And I knew that there
were no towns over there,
or stores, or anything.
>> And you say arc, like
it's coming over the horizon,
kind of, or--
>> Yeah.
There were hills.
And it was like over the top
of the hills seemed to be this
very even arc of light
that was whitish-greenish,
which is exactly the
color of that, pew--
>> The flash.
>> --flash that had happened.
Wow, that is unusual.
I wonder-- I mean,
I know there are
no towns or houses over there.
I wonder what that light is.
Well, it's OK.
I'm still all right, and--
saying to myself.
And then I noticed that
there was what I thought
was a big trailer truck,
half on the freeway
and half off the freeway,
over at the side.
And there were lights
around the bottom.
I had that
impression, and people
walking around the lights.
So I assumed just a regular
old natural Earth human thing--
>> Right, construction workers.
>> --that it was a truck
that had had a flat tire
or something.
And they had the flares up.
That must have been what
was causing the light--
flares you put on the road
and people walking around
to check and maybe
work on this truck.
And then just at the other
end of the truck, there--
in my windshield,
just past the edge
of the truck, which,
by the way, seemed
like an especially
long truck compared
to other trucks here on Earth--
and then there was a big flash
of light across my windshield,
as if it was right
outside the windshield.
It was sort of a
peachy, pinky color.
And it had a little,
what looked like a ribbon
or something stretched
taut on an angle across it.
And the most striking
thing, even though that
was remarkable enough, but
the most striking thing
was, at the same instant,
the light, the ribbon--
there was a crack
in my windshield,
right in front of my face, in
front of the driver's wheel.
And it was in the shape of a--
like a complicated spider web.
And so my inkling was to
slow down, and back up,
and talk to those
people back there
at the other end
of this big truck,
and say, what are you doing?
My windshield has been cracked.
But I didn't do that, because
this big, resounding voice
in my head, just like
that time earlier,
said to me, really
insistent, saying, no.
Don't slow down.
Don't stop.
Don't go back.
Just keep driving, driving,
driving all the way home.
I still had probably a two-hour
or two-and-a-quarter-hour trip
before being home.
Well, what I realized
in the regression
that I did three weeks
later to that event--
and I was regressed by
somebody really excellent
in doing regressions,
Dolores Cannon--
>> Oh, yes.
>> Yeah.
>> I've--
>> She's done thousands
of regressions.
>> I've actually reached out
to her to be part of this.
>> Oh, good.
>> But I haven't got a
response yet, but hopefully.
>> Well, she's wonderful--
>> Yes.
>> --and very talented, and
extremely interested in finding
out as much
information as she can.
And she said, Barbara, if
anything interesting comes out
of this, do I have
your permission
to use this in the book
I am just completing?
So I said yes.
So in the regression, it showed
that that truck wasn't a truck.
>> A truck.
>> It was a UFO, and that
the lights around the bottom
weren't flares, that
they were light emitting,
that whole energy system
emitting from the bottom
of that craft.
And in reliving it in
the regression, I said,
can we just slow this down
so I can see these people?
Well, they weren't people.
>> ETs.
>> They were other
kinds of beings,
extraterrestrial beings.
So then, at the
end of that truck,
before the flash of light and
the crack in the windshield,
my car and I--
I still felt like I was driving.
But the motor wasn't
on any longer.
And we were being
drawn up in what
seemed like a diagonal beam
of light and then into--
straight up into a craft.
I didn't see that craft
from the outside--
craft up in the air--
and slid onto a floor.
And lots of little
beings came around,
probably 20 or 30 really short
beings, sort of silvery blue.
And they had big,
almond-shaped eyes
that looked to me like a cobalt
blue, so like the little greys,
except more silvery-bluey.
And they were so curious.
And as soon as my car and I
were there in this enclosure,
which I assume was
a craft, they came
running from all
directions, climbing
all over the car, up
on the hood of the car,
looking down through
the windshield,
upside-down, and looking
in all the windows,
climbing up on the hood.
And then even though I know
I had locked the doors,
because I don't like
to drive alone at night
with unlocked car doors--
even though I know they were
locked, because I checked it
just before I left, two
beings opened the door,
and came in, and sat
on the passenger seat,
right on top of my candies and
my purse that I had out there.
And two others opened
the driver's door.
And they were so curious,
and funny, and cute.
I mean, I was just fascinated
with them, no fear at all.
>> Right.
That's why you like that
little statue over there.
>> Yeah.
Maybe that helped to
acclimatize myself to it.
And so then I was drawn out
of the car and sort of ushered
and floated upright across that
room that we were in, which
served as sort of a
garage, I figured--
there wasn't anything
in the room--
and then through a door with a
rounded top, into another room.
And in that room,
I could see, there
was a very straight column
coming from the ceiling
to a platform, about a
one-foot-high platform,
and a chair, very straight
chair with straight arms,
attached to that platform.
And at the top of the platform--
I was being ushered
across to that chair--
I could see that there was a
metallic object, which reminded
me of a beehive shape of metal.
And it looked like
different pieces of metal,
reminded me of a vegetable--
not a sieve, but
one of those things
that you put in a pan
and steam vegetables
in with sort of sliding pieces.
>> Oh, right, right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> I've forgotten what the
name of that object is.
It reminded me of that.
And then, so they
sat me in this chair,
put my arms on the arms of
these very straight arms,
and then brought
down the helmet,
fitted it all around my
head, and particularly
where my head dents in a
little bit at the temples.
And then I felt a current
coming into my head,
through my whole body,
but especially in my head,
like an electrical current.
It didn't hurt.
But it was a very
noticeable feeling.
And of course, I wondered
what was going on.
And in the meantime, these
little beings sort of
formed a semicircle around me.
And they were looking up at--
these big eyes, and juggling
each other out of the way
so they could get a closer look,
and looking around the sides.
And I was looking at them
with absolute fascination.
And again, I think they
were adorable and almost
like innocent, childlike,
it seemed to me,
although they were
obviously involved in doing
something quite serious.
And then I noticed
that behind them, there
was a very tall white being--
very tall, very
thin, bigger eyes
that were more square with
rounded corners, it seemed,
came around the
sides a little bit.
And he started talking to me.
And he knew my name.
And he said, ah, Barbara.
You're probably wondering
what we're doing.
[LAUGHS] Yes.
And he said, first
of all, I want
you to know we're not
harming you in any way.
You will be perfectly all
right, which was reassuring.
And then he said,
what we're doing is--
and then he paused.
And he said, I'm going to use
a word that you now understand.
We are downloading
information from your brain.
And we're not removing
your information
or your memories in your brain.
We're just making
a copy of them,
so those memories
and that information
will be intact inside yourself.
And then Dolores, who
was regressing me,
pitched in and said,
Barbara, ask him what
they do with this information.
And I asked him.
And he said, we broadcast it.
And Dolores said
again to me, lying
there, having the regression,
ask him who listens to it.
And he said, tell her that--
so in other words, he was even
aware of her ask questions--
>> Asking questions, yeah.
>> --even though this encounter
had happened three weeks
earlier--
>> Happened-- right.
>> --which gets into a whole
interesting question about
time, what time really
is, if there is any time.
And so he said,
well, we broadcast it
in signals similar to your radio
signals, or telephone signals,
or television signals.
And people can dial into
them if they want to.
So those other beings
from other places,
if they're interested
in this information,
they will tune into that
particular frequency.
If they're not
interested, they just
won't, just like you humans do.
And then she said, well, what
is this information about?
And he said, well, what we
want to know is three things.
With all the people that she--
me-- works with
who've had experiences
with beings that come
from somewhere else,
we want to know what those
people knew before they found
out more details in regression.
What was their whole
impression and opinion
before really knowing
the specifics?
That's one thing.
And we want to know
what specifically they
learned in the
regression, and then
thirdly, how the
whole thing of having
these kinds of encounters
and experiences
is affecting them
in their lives.
So some of these
beings, apparently,
are very, very
interested in that.
And some of them couldn't
care less and don't tune in.
And then Dolores kept
asking questions.
And he, after a
few more, he said,
she can just ask me directly.
She doesn't have
to go through you.
So she, sitting
in the room where
we were doing the
regression, which
happened to be up in Laramie,
Wyoming at the time--
she would ask a question.
And he would answer it.
But he'd answer it through me,
because she couldn't hear him.
You know, it had
to come through me.
I was the one having
the experience with him.
So this went on
for, oh, you know,
another hour and a half
or hour and a quarter.
>> Oh, so Dolores stopped
saying, Barbara, ask him this.
>> Yes.
>> He just said--
>> She just asked the question.
>> --said, OK, hey,
what's going on?
>> And he answered it.
>> Directly.
>> But he had to--
but I was the only
one who could--
>> Could hear it.
>> --hear his answer.
So I'd hear it and repeat it.
>> So in essence, you
were channeling his being.
>> Yeah, channeling a being.
Yeah, that's right.
Ah, thank you.
I never thought of it that way.
Yeah, I think you
could say that.
So that was wonderful.
And he answered all
kinds of questions
about his type of
beings, and their planet,
and lots of information.
How do they know all that
about this one person,
about me, which I think
is remarkable, that--
>> Did she ask which--
>> --that he did know.
>> --which part of the
galaxy they were from, or--
>> Yes, and a lot about life
among their species and life
on their planet in general.
And he gave lots of details.
And so after a
while, Dolores said,
well, we're going to
have to finish now.
I'm not sure if the
audiotape she was taping on
was running out or if
her time was running out.
But anyway, we'd been
going a good, long time.
And she said, we're going
to have to finish this.
And then he volunteered,
if you would
like to have another
discussion like this,
arrange to meet again,
like you did now.
And have questions ready.
And I will be very
happy to answer them.
What an opportunity!
So about two and a
half months later,
Dolores Cannon came to the Los
Angeles area, which is only
about an hour's drive from me.
And so we arranged to
meet where she was.
And we did another regression.
And we both, this time, had
a long list of questions,
which she read off and asked.
And then he would
hear this again.
I didn't even have to
pass it through to him.
And then he answered.
And I would give her the answer.
>> Did you have to recreate
kind of the moment of the actual
abduction or experience?
Did you have to kind
of walk through it
to get you back into that--
>> What we did, very,
very quickly, briefly,
was to begin the
session with relaxation.
And then she said,
we're going back
to that experience on the 101
freeway, where you and your car
were taken--
>> Right, right, right.
>> --and had this long
conversation with the being--
>> It was a reference point.
>> And that opened the
way to his remotely,
from wherever he
was at the time,
knowing that this was the
opportunity to talk together
again.
So all of that information that
came from those two sessions
is written in Dolores Cannon's
book called "The Custodians."
>> Oh, OK, yeah.
>> And it's the last two
chapters of that book,
which she calls "Therapy
for the Therapist."
>> Perfect title.
>> Right.
And she--
>> Or should it say "Therapy
from the Therapist"?
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> And for the therapist.
>> From, and for, and
within, and around.
>> Exactly.
>> So she used the name Bonnie
for me, because at that time,
in the early 2000s, I think
this was, or end of the 1990s--
at that particular
time, I didn't
feel favorable about
declaring in public
that I, too, was
having experiences.
Since then, obviously,
I've gotten past that sense
of reserve about it.
But so she calls me Bonnie.
But it's all about my
regressions and my experience.
>> Based on that experience and
the thousand-plus regression--
>> Or--
>> --or 2,000-plus.
>> 2,000.
Two and a half
thousand, probably.
>> Yeah-- plus regressions that
you've done with other people,
can you sum up why--
why do we have these visitors?
Or even better, what is
this Earth experience?
And you know, I know that's
a massive question to answer.
This is a final question.
But if there's some kind of
overlapping sort of thing
that you've gotten from all of
your collective experiences,
and a short--
the shortest possible
way to wrap that up.
>> Earth and humanity seem to be
extremely interesting to many,
many of these
extraterrestrial species.
They know about us, even if
we don't know about them.
They have this
remarkable ability,
I think, of remote viewing and
remote sensing, remote knowing.
They know what's in our minds.
They know what's in our hearts.
They also see so much
of what is going on.
And they're very concerned.
Many of these groups
have expressed
that they're very concerned
about planet Earth,
because we're destroying
it slowly but surely.
We're ruining life on Earth.
And we just don't even pay
enough attention to that.
But they can see from
their perspective.
And some of them have even been
on planets that were ruined.
And life had to move elsewhere,
move on to other places
to live in the cosmos.
So they're so aware that Earth
humans could be really ending
the possibility
of life on Earth.
And they don't want
to see that happen.
Another aspect is that they're
very interested in humanity,
because humanity
has been influenced
genetically by a lot of
those different species.
Many of those species claim to
have responsibility for some
of our characteristics.
And this, of course,
goes way back
before our recorded history.
But I think, having heard
of this from enough people,
or enough extraterrestrials,
I should say, by now,
that I think that
this is really true.
I think it has merit.
So each one of those species
that ever, in eons of time,
had some influence in
creating certain aspects
of the human race--
it's kind of like we're
their children who
have gone far away.
And they want to
know how we're doing.
And when they see
how we're doing,
they think it's really
deplorable as a humanity.
And they're
particularly concerned
with our nuclear capability.
This is extremely
serious, not only for us
and all life on Earth,
and even the Earth itself.
But if we start setting
off nuclear warfare
or nuclear devices for any
purpose, and even all the leaks
that are happening
and could continue
to happen, that this
pollution not only affects
the Earth and the
atmosphere around the Earth,
but they know that it affects
the entire solar system
and even beyond
our solar system.
So they are at risk
too by our having
all this nuclear capability.
And combining that with
that very unfortunate,
more like pugnacious tendency
that so many humans have--
not all, but too
many of them do--
that it could be so easy to
use that nuclear proliferation,
and whether it's an
accident, or it's on purpose,
or it's for some political
gain or to stop another war.
I mean, we are just at
the brink all the time
of setting that loose.
So they're very concerned.
And they also have been
creating-- many species have--
of hybrid beings-- part them
genetically and part human.
And they give many
reasons for this.
And one of them is
that if their species
wants to be able to
eventually live on Earth--
and I don't mean
taking over the Earth.
I've never, never felt that
that is part of their agenda.
But if they want to live here,
some of them, and commingle,
and even help us,
they would have
to be partly human
beings themselves.
And then they talk
about how we could
have very wise ambassadors,
who are part extraterrestrial
and part human, who could go
from this planet to another
and from another planet
to here, that they
could help us to get
to know each other
and understand each other.
A lot of these beings would
like to see us, humanity, really
upgraded and be able to
be more encompassing, more
allowing, more accepting of our
view of other kinds of beings,
and to really be
able to take our part
in the cosmic community.
They talk about a
galactic federation
that already exists for
millennia, probably,
with many, many
different species, maybe
thousands of different
kinds of intelligent species
congregating together
and sorting out
problems in the universe.
And planet Earth is
not part of that.
Planet Earth is
way off out of it.
We have not evolved consciously
and spiritually enough
to really participate in that.
And they would like
to see us do that.
An interesting corollary to
that is that a few of my clients
have found in their
regressions that they
have been taken to council
meetings, where there's
a whole congregation of
many, many different types
of extraterrestrial beings.
And they--
>> Like something
out of "Star Wars."
>> And they, usually with
a couple of others or a few
others, are
delegates from Earth.
So to some extent, it seems
to be happening already.
But they would like us, as
a whole planetary society,
to be very aware of
participating intergalactically
with these other species,
and to participate peacefully
and intelligently, no
competition, no wars, no might
makes right, but really
to participate the way
that many of them do.
>> Wow, yeah.
>> I would just like to mention
quickly that there is this
incredibly wonderful
phenomenon going on on Earth,
the crop circle phenomenon.
>> Yes, yeah.
That's something
we've been getting to.
>> And it seems like this
really connects with all that
we've been talking about,
not in the sense of personal
encounters with individual
extraterrestrials,
but in being communicated
with all over the planet,
particularly in England, where
most of them have happened.
But in most of the
countries of the world,
there will be appearing in
the fields, and have been,
these beautiful
symbolic patterns
laid down in crop fields and
making very specific patterns,
some of which we understand, we
recognize as meaningful symbols
here on Earth.
And many of the patterns might
be symbols that are meaningful
to them, to whoever
are the beings,
or wherever that intelligence
is that lays down the crop
circles.
It definitely seems that
we are being communicated
with from out there, from
other intelligences elsewhere.
I think the most simplistic
thing that we can think of
is that they want us to know
about them in a very safe way.
They don't have to risk
coming here, or having
their crafts shot down, or
being imprisoned, and studied,
and dissected, as some
already have been.
It's a whole different way of
letting us know about them.
It's so benign.
And it's such a
lovely phenomenon.
Pictorially, it's so
attractive, so pretty.
It's geometrically very
intelligent, spiritually very
intelligent, even
mathematically very intelligent,
some of the crop circles.
So it's a gift in
the sense that it
just, like an art
form that's laid down
in a field of growing
crop, and stays
there as long as the crop
is still growing there.
It's even still there after the
whole field has been harvested,
and all the standing crop is
gone, and even after the soil
where the crop
circle is laid down--
when that's all tilled
over in the fall,
ready for the next
season of planting.
The reason it's still
there is that the energy
from the original crop
circle is still there.
And there are some
people who have
tested the same particular
spot in the same field for as
many as eight years that
I know of, maybe more.
And even though new
crops have grown up
in that field, in that very
spot, for several more years,
and the tilling between
seasons, the energy
from the original crop
circle is still there.
So something really unusual and
different is happening there.
>> Almost like,
you know, I guess,
kind of, when you
harvest something new,
you put down the compost.
And then that creates--
that fertile soil will
create something new.
So maybe that's-- maybe they
were just planting new energies
for something new to grow,
not physically, but overall.
>> And when you think that these
crop circles do happen mostly
in England, but all over
the world, that maybe--
>> Except for the one up in--
last year, in-- or
earlier this year--
>> Oh, up in--
>> --in California.
>> --northern California.
>> That was Nokia doing
some kind of advertisement.
>> Well, that's a whole
subject in itself.
I think that they're saying
it was a man-made hoax.
I think they're saying
that it's a hoax.
I think it was a
genuine crop circle.
>> Oh, really?
OK.
>> And they saw it,
their marketing people.
Oh let's, use this.
>> Right, right.
Interesting.
>> That's my personal
opinion, based on some
people's experiences--
>> Some of the data and stuff.
>> --whom I know who actually
went into that crop circle
and experienced it.
But that's kind of a
big subject right there.
>> Right, right.
>> Yeah, so I think there are
many different ways that we are
in touch with these
extraterrestrial beings.
And one of them
is the encounters,
even the extradimensional,
other-dimensional beings
who come.
I think it's part of this
whole huge, universe-wise or
cosmos-wide phenomenon.
And crop circles are one--
>> Aspect, yeah.
>> --part of this whole thing.
They're really trying to--
I think, with these sightings,
that they allow themselves
to be seen in their crafts--
the sightings, the encounters,
knowing that people can
find out the details
of their encounters, if they
choose to, through regressions.
And they may be
stimulating other people
to put on these wonderful
conferences, the UFO
conferences and spiritual
conferences in which this
comes in, to some extent.
I think that they're doing
quite a bit to upgrade humanity.
>> Yeah.
Upgrade humanity.
>> And I really appreciate that.
I applaud that.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> I think we can take all
the upgrading we can take.
It would be a really good thing.
>> This is true.
Absolutely.
>> Yeah.
>> It definitely gives
me something to film.
>> Yes, it gives you--
>> I'm definitely
fascinated by--
>> --an interesting topic.
>> --interesting topics that
doesn't get enough attention.
I believe that for
many reasons, which
we won't get into at
the moment, but yeah,
there's not enough attention
put into this subject matter.
And that's why we're here.
That's what we're doing.
>> Yes.
And it's a pleasure
and a privilege,
I truly feel, to be
talking about this,
to let more people know about
this very real phenomenon that
is going on, even if many
people are not aware of it yet.
And hopefully,
they will be more.
>> Well, thank you for all the
work you've been doing and you
continue to do.
You've been a huge inspiration.
And I'm so glad we got to
have this conversation.
>> Well, me too.
>> And the regression.
That was--
>> Yes, you had the regression.
>> That was intense.
>> Yeah.
Yes, that was good.
And you did very well.
>> Yeah.
So thank you.
>> Yes.
Thank you for having me.
[MUSIC PLAYING]